updating peer-chaincode-devmode.md (#3099)
hyperledger/fabric: docs/source/peer-chaincode-devmode.md

    ```
    export FABRIC_CFG_PATH=$(pwd)/sampleconfig
    ```

> 5. Create the `hyperledger` subdirectory in the `/var` directory. This is a location the orderer uses to store blocks as defined in the      `orderer.yaml`. To create the `hyperledger` subdirectory, execute these commands, replacing the question marks with your username:

Reviewer: Both orderer (orderer.yaml) and peer (core.yaml) are configured to store ledger in /var/hyperledger by default.

Author: they use it but they don't create it. I've been following the instructions and without /var/hyperledger created beforehand you get an exception when you start the orderer.

Reviewer: You'd get the same issue if peer was started without /var/hyperledger existing, so I think if we are educating people about the orderer need, we should also mention the peer need.

Author: Following the logic of the guide, the orderer is launched first so creating /var/hyperledger before running the orderer will be enough there is no need to repeat the same for the peer.

Reviewer: I understand, I'm not suggesting to repeat it, I'm just suggesting to mention "orderer (orderer.yaml) and peer (core.yaml)" in your explanation sentence to better educate people.

Author: Fair enough

Author: @denyeart I've addressed your request

> 5. Create the `hyperledger` subdirectory in the `/var` directory. This is a location the orderer uses to store blocks as defined in the orderer `orderer.yaml` and peer `core.yaml` files. To create the `hyperledger` subdirectory, execute these commands, replacing the question marks with your username:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create the `hyperledger` subdirectory in the `/var` directory. This is the default location Fabric uses to store blocks as defined in the orderer `orderer.yaml` and peer `core.yaml` files. To create the `hyperledger` subdirectory, execute these commands, replacing the question marks with your username:
```

Apologies for all the iterations... but we also need to update the word 'orderer' based on the last updates...

Author: I've commited your suggestion
